Miscellaneous fixes to declarativeNetRequest documentation (#26655)
mdn/content: files/en-us/mozilla/add-ons/webextensions/api/declarativenetrequest/ruleaction/index.md

- `redirect` {{optional_inline}}
  - : {{WebExtAPIRef("declarativeNetRequest.Redirect")}}. Describes how the redirect should be performed. Only valid for redirect rules.
- `requestHeaders` {{optional_inline}}
  - : {{WebExtAPIRef("declarativeNetRequest.ModifyHeaderInfo")}}. The request headers to modify for the request. Only valid if `type` is `"modifyHeaders"`.
- `responseHeaders` {{optional_inline}}
  - : {{WebExtAPIRef("declarativeNetRequest.ModifyHeaderInfo")}}. The response headers to modify for the request. Only valid if `type` is `"modifyHeaders"`.
- `type`

>   - : A `string`. The type of action to perform. Possible values are `"block"`, `"redirect"`, `"allow"`, `"upgradeScheme"`, `"modifyHeaders"`, and `"allowAllRequests"`. The use of the `"redirect"` and `"modifyHeaders"` actions require [host permissions](/docs/Mozilla/Add-ons/WebExtensions/manifest.json/permissions#host_permissions) for the request and request initiator. The "block" and "upgradeScheme" actions also require host permissions unless the "declarativeNetRequest" permission is specified. Without these permissions, matching rules are ignored. See [Permissions at declarativeNetRequest](/docs/Mozilla/Add-ons/WebExtensions/API/declarativeNetRequest#permissions) for more information. The effects of rule actions are described in more detail at [Matching precedents](/docs/Mozilla/Add-ons/WebExtensions/API/declarativeNetRequest#matching_precedents).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - : A `string`. The type of action to perform. Possible values are `"block"`, `"redirect"`, `"allow"`, `"upgradeScheme"`, `"modifyHeaders"`, and `"allowAllRequests"`. The use of the `"redirect"` and `"modifyHeaders"` actions require [host permissions](/docs/Mozilla/Add-ons/WebExtensions/manifest.json/permissions#host_permissions) for the request and request initiator. The "block" and "upgradeScheme" actions also require host permissions unless the "declarativeNetRequest" permission is specified. Without these permissions, matching rules are ignored. See [Permissions at declarativeNetRequest](/docs/Mozilla/Add-ons/WebExtensions/API/declarativeNetRequest#permissions) for more information. More details about the effects of rule actions are provided in [Matching precedents](/docs/Mozilla/Add-ons/WebExtensions/API/declarativeNetRequest#matching_precedents).
```
